detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime film called gone baby
gone
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the city of boston is a special kind of
place folks live with pride about who
they are and where they're from
but one day the entirety of boston gets
shaken to its very core when a young
girl named amanda mccready is abducted
the only piece of information that the
police have to work with is that amanda
was last seen carrying her favorite doll
mirabelle private detective patrick
kenzie and his girlfriend angie gennaro
see the news on the television in their
little house
the couple watches as captain jack doyle
the head of the missing child division
firmly tells the media that they will
not fail in finding amanda
the following morning lionel and beyo
mccreedy knock on patrick and angie's
front door
lionel is amanda's uncle and they sought
patrick out because they want to hire
him to help find amanda
however lionel seems hesitant to have
patrick's help during their exchange
while baya appears to be extremely
distressed by amanda's disappearance
both patrick and angie come across as
reluctant at first and they note that
they haven't handled a case like this
before
veya tells them that the girl's mother
helene put her to bed and left around
eight o'clock to visit a friend
but when she returned home amanda was
gone beya makes a subtle remark about
helene's character
but lionel defends his sister saying
that he's been convicted before and made
bad decisions as well
eventually lionel and beya convinced
patrick and angie to speak with elene
at the mccready residence patrick and
angie discuss whether they should take
the case or not
angie has her reservations saying she
doesn't want to find the kid in a
dumpster somewhere
the two of them then enter the house and
meet with elene who's lounging with her
friend while watching tv
helene behaves rudely toward the two and
it's immediately apparent that their
home is a volatile environment
helene doesn't even seem to care about
her missing daughter
lionel and helene argue in front of
patrick and angie until baya asks
everyone except elene to go to the
hallway with her
there baya shows patrick and angie a
picture of amanda
then desperately tells them that she
just wants to find her
patrick and angie accept the case then
proceed to ask them questions
lionel tells them that helene always
goes to a bar called fillmore lounge
every day
lionel also mentions that he's been
sober for 23 years while helene's still
drinking daily and doing drugs still in
the mccready residence
patrick and angie meet with captain jack
doyle he talks them down and questions
whether they're even suitable for the
task
captain doyle further emphasizes that
it's already been three days
and in cases like this the chance of
finding the child drops dramatically
after the first day
captain doyle then tells them that he'll
have two of his detectives update them
about any information
patrick and angie head to the fillmore
lounge to ask around
they first speak with the bartender who
regards them with guarded hostility
the bartender tells them to buy a drink
or leave so they proceed to order two
tonics
patrick then spots an old friend of his
in the bar the two sit at a table while
patrick asks questions about helene
patrick's old friend steve reports that
helene didn't leave amanda for just 30
minutes
in actuality she was at the fillmore
lounge for more than two hours
sniffing lines of coke with her
boyfriend ray lekansky
just then a burly man snaps at steve
telling him to shut his mouth
with patrick and the man getting into a
heated argument the man gets his other
guy to lock the front door
patrick then pulls his gun out demanding
the men to let them leave
the burly man complies even making an
inappropriate remark at angie
pissed patrick makes sure to hit him on
his way out
patrick and angie then go to meet
sergeant detective remy bresen and his
partner nick at a restaurant
once they get acquainted the cops lay
down their current suspects in the case
namely corwin earl leon tret and roberta
tratt
corwin is known to be attracted to
children and he lives with the trek
couple who are drug addicts
however nick informs them that there are
holes in the theory that corwin is
behind amanda's disappearance
patrick then puts forward ray likanski
on the table suggesting that they could
start looking there
remy and nick tell them they have no
idea who ray likansky is
still the four of them move to speak
with helene once more to ask her what
she knows
before heading to helene's place patrick
and angie drop by at their friend
bubba's place
since bubba is a drug lord patrick asks
if he sold anything to the three
suspects
rey or helene bubba denies having
anything to do with these people
and patrick mentions that he never deals
with anyone risky
bubba however comments that rey has
worked for his business rival and
haitian drug lord
she jean baptiste equipped with a new
lead patrick and angie finally leave for
helene's place
at the mccready residence remy and nick
interrogate helene about her connections
with cheese
after much back and forth between them
helene finally reveals that she and ray
were
drug mules for cheese and that they've
stolen 130 000
from him helene also confesses that the
money is with rey
who's currently in chelsea without
wasting a second
the private detectives ride with helene
and patrick's car while the cops board a
separate one to make their way to
chelsea
in patrick and angie's car patrick
starts to get friendly with helene to
gain her trust
with this helene begins divulging more
details about the night amanda went
missing
angie gets aggravated by helene's
selfish behavior considering she didn't
ask for help
nor did she even contact cheese to get
her daughter back just to save herself
patrick then asks celine how she knows
that rey hasn't spent all the money yet
to this she admits that she actually hid
the money and rey doesn't have it
when they arrive at ray's location they
find him already dead
he is tied to a chair while covered in
blood with a gunshot wound in his chest
ray was tortured and killed by cheese's
man who clearly didn't believe that he
had no clue where the money was
shocked to find rey's dead body helene
steps out of the room
patrick follows her as she slips to the
backyard and he tries to convince her to
tell him where the money is
finally she reveals that it's right
there in the yard
they dig up the money then decide on
what they should do next
angie asks remy if they should bring in
the fbi to which remy refuses
remy and nick tell them that it's not
considered kidnapping until they receive
a note
remy then puts forward a plan to swap
the money for amanda from cheese
patrick and angie take a lean back home
and on the way to the door helene breaks
down and cries
patrick holds her and she solemnly
swears that she just wants amanda home
even promising to change and quit using
drugs during the night
patrick and angie meet with remy and
nick outside jesus hideout
the two parties argue over which of them
will go in and talk to cheese
patrick reasons that cheese will be
scared off if he's approached by a cop
so it would be better if he and angie
spoke with him instead
in the end the officers agree to let
them do it in the hideout
patrick and angie are met by cheese and
his right hand man
chris patrick has already acquainted
with them both
so cheese permits them an audience
patrick proceeds to tell them about rey
the money and amanda while cheese feigns
any knowledge at first
patrick ends up threatening him this
leads cheese to point a gun at them
while suspecting that they may be
wearing a wire
after inspecting under their shirt for
any recording devices
she's admits that he did reyen but had
no involvement whatsoever with amanda
without gathering any lead patrick and
angie leave the room to meet back with
remy and nick
they're all equally disappointed about
the futile encounter with cheese
in the middle of the night remy calls
patrick and angie
saying that they received a call from
cheese he reports that cheese wants to
take the deal with amanda
and he wants to do it that night remy
then adds that there's a bit of an issue
since the station was recording calls
now captain jack doyle got a hold of
their conversation
which is a problem since remy and nick
operated without doyle's knowledge or
authority
moreover she sent them proof in the
mailbox to show that he really does have
amanda
angie checks the mail where she finds a
pink blanket and a note from the drug
lord
at the station captain doyle is furious
to discover that remy made an
unauthorized ransom arrangement with
cheese
despite this they continue with the plan
as not to endanger amanda any further
captain doyle hands patrick the
transcript of the call between cheese
and remy
indicating that cheese wants to meet up
at a lake to make the exchange
remy then gets patrick and angie up to
speed about cheese's demands
cheese wants to separate them with
patrick and angie taking amanda while
the cops on the other end across the
lake to give the money
angie then asks captain doyle if they
should go public with all this
and captain doyle responds by
sorrowfully telling her about his
12-year-old daughter who got abducted
and killed
in the dead of night patrick and angie
take their positions for the exchange
they walk up into the quarry with the
cops on the other side of the lake
patrick on the other hand feels uneasy
about the whole thing
suddenly patrick and angie hear shots
firing in the distance before remy calls
out to them on the radio
the two of them rushed toward the other
end of the lake just in time to hear
something plunging in the water
patrick looks over and sees she's dead
on the ground angie looks over the edge
and without any hesitation she jumps
over straight down to the water
angie manages to retrieve amanda's
blanket and her doll
but there was no sign of amanda herself
at angie's hospital room
patrick comes in and speaks with angie
about the search for amanda
though there were several divers on the
job already the lake size makes it
difficult to find and confirm where
amanda could be or if she even survived
after a few days they call off the
search and amanda is declared dead
captain jack doyle retired from the
police force cheese's right-hand man
chris is later killed off by an unknown
party
as for patrick and angie they're both
deeply affected by everything
that happened months later another child
named johnny pietro is reported missing
he was last seen wearing saint
christopher's medallion
the prospect of another missing child
only plunges patrick deeper into his
distress
one day at a bar bubba comes by to take
patrick out for a ride
when they arrive at that destination
bubba tells him that the house is the
residence of the three suspects he
showed him earlier
namely corwin earl leon tret and roberta
tratt
the two of them enter the house and leon
lets them in since bubble offered to
sell on drugs
roberta comes inside the room and takes
a whiff of the drugs that bubba sampled
bubba then proceeds to walk around the
house checking each room
roberta trent becomes upset about this
and pulls a gun out on bubba before he's
able to walk up the stairs
just then forward earl steps out of the
room on the second floor
patrick notices that corwin is wearing
saint christopher's medallion
which johnny pietro was last seen
wearing bubba gives roberta the drugs
before he and patrick make their leave
later on patrick tips off remy about
corwin's address
remy nick and patrick all return to the
house fully armed
donning their bulletproof vests remy and
nick tell patrick to stay outside remy
goes out back
and nick walks up to the front door
before he could enter
he is suddenly shot in the neck causing
him to fall
patrick quickly reacts and tries to stop
the bleeding but shots keep firing in
their direction
patrick then decides to pull out his gun
and enter the house
there he finds a dead leon on the ground
and as he goes to inspect his body
roberta suddenly comes in firing at him
they trade shots
and patrick maneuvers his way to the
second floor where he locks the door to
keep roberta out
there patrick finds corwin on the floor
devastated in telling him
it was an accident patrick walks further
into the room and finds johnny pietro's
body in the bathtub
enraged patrick shoots corwin in the
head patrick then sees remy opening the
door
and stepping over roberta's dead body
later at the hospital
nick is in critical condition while
patrick is distressed and guilty about
killing corwin
angie tries to comfort him and tells him
that she's proud of him for what he did
remy weighs in saying he did the right
thing by shooting down corwin
a drunken remy tells patrick a little
story and recounts that he used to plant
evidence back in the day and had an fbi
informant by the name of ray lakansky
that night when patrick comes home he
tells angie that remy lied about not
knowing rey
this causes patrick to grow suspicious
of him later
they find out that nick died in the
hospital at nick's funeral
patrick confronts remy asking why he
lied about rey
remy says that he should forget about
what he said before giving him a subtle
threat
patrick then leaves it for the moment
and approaches devin a police officer
with whom patrick is close
patrick invites him for lunch and asks
him questions about remy
devon reveals that remy somehow
discovered that cheese was robbed a week
before cheese himself even knew he was
burglarized when patrick asks how
devin only warns him against
investigating cops with that
patrick takes his leave later patrick
tells angie that he has a theory about
how things really went down
he then intimidates lionel into meeting
him in a bar
there he deduces that lionel and remy
had conspired to stage a fake kidnapping
to take the drug money for themselves
all while teaching helene a nice lesson
finally
lionel admits to this and claims that
amanda's death in the lake was
accidental
it was never meant to happen just then
remy steps into the bar
wearing a mask and claiming it's a
robbery he plays the role of a robber
but he only points his gun at lionel
with every intention of killing him
lionel then says that he told them that
amanda fell in the lake
remy seems to relent for a moment but
before he could retreat
he gets shot by the bartender twice remy
flees
making patrick give chase patrick
eventually catches up to him up on an
empty building's roof
but by the time he got there remy's
already bleeding to death
later the police questioned patrick
about remy's death and he learns that
the police never had a phone transcript
like the one that doyle had him read
realizing that doyle might be involved
in this patrick leaves to see him in his
retirement home
patrick and angie arrive at doyle's
retirement home but angie stays behind
not wanting to confront him patrick sees
doyle packing his things and getting
ready to leave
before patrick could accuse doyle about
amanda the girl herself appears from
within the house and runs to doyle
though patrick is taken aback he
threatens doyle that he'll report him to
the police
doyle tries to convince patrick that
letting amanda stay with him is the
right thing to do
especially since amanda's mother treats
her poorly patrick then argues that
helene is amanda's mother and that she
belongs with her
this leaves patrick with a moral dilemma
should he return the girl to her
neglectful mother or allow her to live
with someone who will treat her right
unable to decide patrick goes back to
his car and seeks angie's counsel
angie thinks that the right thing to do
is to let doyle keep amanda
even promising that if patrick returns
the child to helene she'll hate him and
leave
in spite of everything patrick decides
to report doyle to the police
and in a matter of minutes the cops come
to his house to arrest him
later patrick now lives alone and
heartbroken over angie leaving him
just like she promised helene has amanda
once again
but now lionel is in jail and beya has
banned helene from her home
one afternoon patrick visits helene and
amanda and he sees that helene hasn't
changed
she's even reveling in her fame as the
media's victimized mother
but at the very least patrick observes
that helene's apartment is cleaner
helene leaves their home to go on a date
and when patrick discovered that she
hadn't made plans for a babysitter yet
he decides to volunteer now alone in the
living room together
patrick asks amanda about her doll
mirabelle much to his surprise
amanda corrects patrick and says her
doll's name is annabelle
implying that helene doesn't even know
the name of her daughter's favorite toy
a sinking feeling plagues patrick's gut
and he's left to feel that he may not
have made the right choice
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching